okay so this is part 2 of 79 Chevy
lifted I got it out of the garage this
Sunday which was yesterday I just
thought that I'd post another video so
you could actually get a good better
look at it
6s left 35 here's a engine with the
mid-range cam polished heads and headers
take a look on the inside all stock
except for the steering wheel there's a
little tack right there then I got the
gun racks of course down there you can't
see into got a 200-watt app with a
10-inch sub which I think actually fried
my amp today but whatever paid $4,500
for this thing about it from my uncle
and he actually had sold twice for eight
grand but he kept it for me I sold
another truck and bought this so pretty
happy I love this thing it's got a lot
of power he had a lot of compliments on
it